# 08-26-2018

## The Idea Origin

I woke up this morning early at 5:30am. The previous night I was so sore from recently starting a new workout routine that I ended up passing out with my contacts in with the tv around 9pm. When I checked my phone, one email in particular stuck out to me. My mom had emailed my brother and I a list of all family birthdays. Immediately the programming component of my hive brain kicked in. Let me scrape all of these birthdates and names & build a cron job that sends an automated email saying happy birthday for each individual. Or I could take this one step further a build a mailing solution for birthday cards & an e-giftcard. 

## The Second Idea Origin

Around 6:30am, after I walked Ella, I decide to track my progress of the various startup ideas I've been working on through a journaling system. I will leverage a repo with a bunch of markdown docs within each project's named directory and scope the docs by date. So what you're reading right now is the first entry of any project to date.

## Researching the Available Options

My first step after hearing about a startup idea or thinking of one myself is to research the available options. My first google search was **automatic birthday cards**. The most modern competitor seems to be postable with various options to schedule birthday cards at any configurable date. 

## Naming the Project

In linux, a cron job is a repeatable executable event that can be configured to execute at any time interval. I wanted a nerdy take at birthday cards which would be a cron job that execute every year. 
